# Torque Game Engines Community Code of Conduct

- We, as a community, are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all, regardless of experience, background, history or characteristic.
- Please avoid using any overly sexual, offensive, or insulting alias or nicknames for yourself or others that would otherwise detract from a friendly, safe and welcoming environment.
- Please be kind and courteous. There's no need to be rude.
- Respect that people have differences of opinion, and that every design, implementation, or choice carries considerations, trade-offs, and costs. There is rarely ever a perfect answer.
- Please keep critiques constructive. If you are going to critique someone's work, ideas, or decisions, do it with topical and specific feedback so that they can improve. Unconstructive critiques don't help anyone better their work.
- Insulting, demeaning or harassing anyone is not welcome behavior, whether in public or private conversations. If you feel you have been subjected to any of this behavior, please contact any moderator or admin immediately. Whether you're a regular or a newcomer, we care about making this community a safe place for you. If you have any lack of clarity about what might fall under those concepts, feel free to ask for clarification from the moderation team.
- Likewise, any spamming, trolling, flaming, baiting or other attention-stealing/seeking behavior is not welcome.
- Do not insult or deride other users. 'You're an idiot' is not a useful comment. Do not do this.
- If feedback is being provided, it needs to be constructive. Just simply calling something a bad idea is not helpful in correcting the core issues of that idea. Take the time to explain what is wrong with the idea and how it could be improved upon.
- In discussions, under normal circumstances if the OP of a thread requests a post to be removed because they feel it is inflammatory, or off topic or the like, the mods will review it and in most cases, remove it per OP's request. It's their thread, so they get nearly final say in how the thread's topic should flow. MODGRU of course gets the actual final say, but will listen to the thread OPs reasoning, and if it makes sense, will generally abide the request.
- If any user has a problem with something on any community site, such as content posted, or another user's behavior, they need to contact someone in MODGRU. Moderation cannot be expected to happen in a concise, timely manner if they are not informed about it. Rather than engaging in the negative behavior, users are heavily encouraged to report it and move on. Engaging in bad behavior in response only sets both parties up to be in trouble with moderation.
